Books to refer:
java o'riely
cracking the code
career cup
leet code
java performance: definitive guide: getting the most out of your code.

Key Points:
Null is special cased inside the print function 
String builder and string buffer are mutable whereas string is immutable
Principle operations on String builder are append and insert.
Append method always adds character at the end of the string whereas insert method inserts at particular location.
In any reverse questions like reverse a string or elements always travel half way while swapping elements.
Best way to concatenate a string is using string builder then buffer then concatenate then + operator.
Deserialization: is the process of restoring state of object from byte stream.

1 byte = 8 bits
short, char (2 byte - 16 bits)
int, float (4 byte - 32 bit)
long, double (8 byte - 64 bit)
Boolean size is not precisely defined.
Default value of boolean is false

Marker interface is a interface with no methods
Synchronization is capability to control the access of multiple threads to shared resources.
Set Interface --> Does not contain duplicate elements.
TreeSet Interface---> Elements are in sorted order
TreeMap -----> Keeps natural ordering of keys

Access Modifier:
Private : Accessed only by members of same class
public: Anyone can access
protected: In same package 
default: Inherited by super class and can be in different package.

Three variable types:
local, instance and class variables

Transient variable : It is a variable which may not be serialized during serialization.

Parent of error and exception is  throwable 
Interfaces can have constants, which are always implicitly public, static, and final. 

Valid char declaration:
char c1 = 064770; is an octal representation of the integer value 27128,
 which is legal because it fits into an unsigned 16-bit integer. char c3 = 0xbeef; 
 is a hexadecimal representation of the integer value 48879, which fits into an unsigned 16-bit integer. 
 char c6 = '\uface'; is a Unicode representation of a character.
 
 HashTable vs Hashmap:
 Hashtable does not allow null keys and is synchronized wheareas Hash map allows null key and values and is unsynchronized.
 
 To keep all alphnumeric charachters:
 [^A-Za-z0-9]
 String str = s.replaceAll("[^A-Za-z0-9]", "");
 Convert char array to string:
 new String(charArrayName)
 Variable declared as ___final_____ do not occupy memory on a per instance basis.
 

